README.md, before:

# Copy Docs

A Chrome extension that makes it easy to copy API schemas and response examples from documentation sites.

## Features

- 🎯 **One-click copy**: Hover over code blocks to reveal a copy button
- 📄 **Full section copy**: Copy entire API endpoint documentation including schemas
- 🔍 **Auto-detection**: Automatically detects API documentation code blocks and sections
- 🔒 **Privacy-focused**: No data collection, minimal permissions
- 🚀 **Lightweight**: Minimal performance impact
- 🔌 **Extensible**: Easy to add support for new documentation sites

## Installation

### Chrome Web Store (Coming Soon)
The extension will be available on the Chrome Web Store soon!

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/myleshenderson/copy-docs/releases)
2. Extract the ZIP file
3. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
4. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right
5. Click "Load unpacked" and select the extracted directory
6. Visit [GitHub API docs](https://docs.github.com/en/rest) to try it out!

### Development Mode

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/myleshenderson/copy-docs.git
   cd copy-docs
   npm install
   npm run build
   ```

2. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right
4. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` directory

## Usage

### Copying Code Blocks
1. Navigate to a supported documentation site (currently GitHub API docs)
2. Hover over any code block containing API schemas or responses
3. Click the "Copy" button that appears
4. The content is now in your clipboard!

### Copying Full API Sections
1. Hover over any API endpoint heading (h2)
2. Click the "Copy Section" button that appears
3. The extension copies the complete endpoint documentation including:
   - Endpoint description
   - Parameters and their descriptions
   - Request examples
   - Response examples
   - Response schema (when available)

## Supported Sites

- ✅ GitHub API Documentation (`docs.github.com`)
- 🔜 More coming soon...

## Adding New Sites

To add support for a new documentation site:

1. Create a new file in the `sites/` directory (e.g., `sites/stripe.js`)

2. Define the site configuration:
   ```javascript
   const SITE_CONFIG = {
     name: 'Stripe API',
     domain: 'stripe.com',
     codeBlockSelectors: [
       '.code-block-class',
       'pre > code'
     ],
     getTextContent(element) {
       return element.textContent.trim();
     }
   };
   ```

3. Add the site to `manifest.json`:
   ```json
   {
     "matches": ["*://stripe.com/docs/*"],
     "js": ["sites/site-config.js", "sites/stripe.js", "content.js"],
     "css": ["styles.css"]
   }
   ```

4. Reload the extension and test on the new site

## Development

### Project Structure

```
copy-docs/
├── manifest.json      # Extension configuration
├── content.js         # Main content script
├── background.js      # Background service worker
├── popup.html/js      # Extension popup
├── styles.css         # Copy button styles
├── sites/            # Site-specific configurations
│   ├── site-config.js
│   └── github.js
└── icons/            # Extension icons
```

### Building for Production

Currently, this extension is in development mode. To package for production:

1. Remove any development files
2. Zip the directory contents (not the directory itself)
3. Upload to Chrome Web Store

## Privacy

This extension:
- ✅ Only activates on supported documentation sites
- ✅ Doesn't collect or store any personal data
- ✅ No usage tracking or analytics
- ✅ Requires only essential permissions:
  - `activeTab`: Access current tab when you use the extension
  - `clipboardWrite`: Copy content to clipboard

## Development

### Building and Testing
```bash
npm install
npm run build    # Build the extension
npm run package  # Create ZIP package
npm run release  # Bump version and create tag
```

### Publishing
The extension automatically publishes to the Chrome Web Store when you create a new release tag:

```bash
npm run release  # This will trigger auto-publishing
```

See [WEBSTORE_SETUP.md](WEBSTORE_SETUP.md) for Chrome Web Store publishing setup.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Author

Myles Henderson

---

If you find this extension useful, please consider starring the repository!

Commit message:

Optimize permissions using explicit host permissions
- Use explicit host_permissions for docs.github.com instead of content_scripts matches
- This makes permissions more transparent in Chrome's permission dialog
- Keeps automatic functionality while being clear about site access
- Only 2 core permissions + 1 specific host permission
- Updated documentation to clarify permission usage

README.md, after:

# Copy Docs

A Chrome extension that makes it easy to copy API schemas and response examples from documentation sites.

## Features

- 🎯 **One-click copy**: Hover over code blocks to reveal a copy button
- 📄 **Full section copy**: Copy entire API endpoint documentation including schemas
- 🔍 **Auto-detection**: Automatically detects API documentation code blocks and sections
- 🔒 **Privacy-focused**: No data collection, minimal permissions
- 🚀 **Lightweight**: Minimal performance impact
- 🔌 **Extensible**: Easy to add support for new documentation sites

## Installation

### Chrome Web Store (Coming Soon)
The extension will be available on the Chrome Web Store soon!

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/myleshenderson/copy-docs/releases)
2. Extract the ZIP file
3. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
4. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right
5. Click "Load unpacked" and select the extracted directory
6. Visit [GitHub API docs](https://docs.github.com/en/rest) to try it out!

### Development Mode

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/myleshenderson/copy-docs.git
   cd copy-docs
   npm install
   npm run build
   ```

2. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right
4. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` directory

## Usage

### Copying Code Blocks
1. Navigate to a supported documentation site (currently GitHub API docs)
2. Hover over any code block containing API schemas or responses
3. Click the "Copy" button that appears
4. The content is now in your clipboard!

### Copying Full API Sections
1. Hover over any API endpoint heading (h2)
2. Click the "Copy Section" button that appears
3. The extension copies the complete endpoint documentation including:
   - Endpoint description
   - Parameters and their descriptions
   - Request examples
   - Response examples
   - Response schema (when available)

## Supported Sites

- ✅ GitHub API Documentation (`docs.github.com`)
- 🔜 More coming soon...

## Adding New Sites

To add support for a new documentation site:

1. Create a new file in the `sites/` directory (e.g., `sites/stripe.js`)

2. Define the site configuration:
   ```javascript
   const SITE_CONFIG = {
     name: 'Stripe API',
     domain: 'stripe.com',
     codeBlockSelectors: [
       '.code-block-class',
       'pre > code'
     ],
     getTextContent(element) {
       return element.textContent.trim();
     }
   };
   ```

3. Add the site to `manifest.json`:
   ```json
   {
     "matches": ["*://stripe.com/docs/*"],
     "js": ["sites/site-config.js", "sites/stripe.js", "content.js"],
     "css": ["styles.css"]
   }
   ```

4. Reload the extension and test on the new site

## Development

### Project Structure

```
copy-docs/
├── manifest.json      # Extension configuration
├── content.js         # Main content script
├── background.js      # Background service worker
├── popup.html/js      # Extension popup
├── styles.css         # Copy button styles
├── sites/            # Site-specific configurations
│   ├── site-config.js
│   └── github.js
└── icons/            # Extension icons
```

### Building for Production

Currently, this extension is in development mode. To package for production:

1. Remove any development files
2. Zip the directory contents (not the directory itself)
3. Upload to Chrome Web Store

## Privacy

This extension:
- ✅ Only activates on supported documentation sites
- ✅ Doesn't collect or store any personal data
- ✅ No usage tracking or analytics
- ✅ Requires minimal permissions:
  - `activeTab`: Access current tab when you interact with the extension
  - `clipboardWrite`: Copy content to clipboard
  - Host permission for `docs.github.com`: Enable automatic functionality on GitHub API docs

## Development

### Building and Testing
```bash
npm install
npm run build    # Build the extension
npm run package  # Create ZIP package
npm run release  # Bump version and create tag
```

### Publishing
The extension automatically publishes to the Chrome Web Store when you create a new release tag:

```bash
npm run release  # This will trigger auto-publishing
```

See [WEBSTORE_SETUP.md](WEBSTORE_SETUP.md) for Chrome Web Store publishing setup.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Author

Myles Henderson

---

If you find this extension useful, please consider starring the repository!
